# Day 16: Nearly lost
## 2022/10/09 17:26

## 17:26
### No signal

As there weren’t any hostels in Bologna under €50 I had found an Airbnb in a town just outside called Modena. This is a quick 20 minute hop on the train to Bologna so will be very easy to access to and from for my day trip tomorrow.

However, when I arrived in Modena I realised just a few seconds after stepping off the train that I had absolutely no phone signal. A few moments later I also realised this station had no WiFi. And a few minutes of searching after that, there were no WiFi networks anywhere nearby. This was a bit of an issue as I had foolishly not looked up the directions before getting off the train and only had an address and a phone number. Both of very little use in that moment. I thought I had downloaded the offline google map of this town but quickly discovered I was wrong and only had a very pixelated zoomed out view of the town where all the roads blended into one grey blob. So while I did have GPS I had no idea if it was working with no landmarks or street names to guide me. This of course meant the worst case scenario. Human interaction. (Dun dun duuun!). Unlike the many tourist filled cities I had been in on my trip around Italy so far this was just a small Italian town and, rightly so, very few people spoke English. But with the power of a language with common roots to English providing the odd familiar word, and more than a few hand signals, I was pointed in the right direction of the street for the Airbnb.

But this was not quite the end of my troubles. As I arrived at the door of the Airbnb I discovered that it was a block of flats. This meant that there were many possible buzzers to press for entry. I had only the first name of the host and the labels read only last names. A few seconds before I’m about to press all of them and hope for the best,  I see a couple nearby unloading suitcases from their car. I head over to them to ask if they spoke English (or at least my plan would be to mime and point to use their phone). As luck would have it, they did speak English and were able to phone the Airbnb for me. It also turned out that the host didn’t speak much English anyway so it would have certainly been a very difficult time even if I had pressed the right buzzer. The very helpful couple translated between myself and the host so I could find out which buzzer to press and met by the hosts young son I was shown to my room. Phew! I good little reminder of my reliance on constant freely available connection!
